<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-model href="urn:napsor:dita:rng:napsor-concept.rng" schematypens="http://relaxng.org/ns/structure/1.0"?>
<concept id="concept_ilb_vbn_rt">
	<title>Napsor Settings</title>
	<shortdesc>Napsor is a great app for a good work-life balance. It helps you make sure that you
  leave the office with a <b>fresh</b> mind, ready to <i>enjoy</i> your leisure time!</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>Napsor offers the following features:</p>
		<dl>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Snore Detector </dt>
				<dd>Ask Napsor to wake you, in case your nap causes an unwanted level of accompanying noise that
     your colleagues might here. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Call it a Day Alarm</dt>
				<dd>Tell Napsor when you want to leave in the afternoon so that you do not miss your gym
     appointment, data, or favorite TV show. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>VIP E-Mail Alarm</dt>
				<dd>Connect Napsor to your e-mail application and mark the contacts in your address book, whose
     e-mails you had better read in no time. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Statistics </dt>
				<dd>Capture statistics about the amount of resting time that you were able to get in a week and
     how often your peaceful slumber was disturbed. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Heart-rate Monitor</dt>
				<dd>Monitor your heart-rate using any equipment that is supported by your smartphone. Analyze
     this information together with your statistics to find out when you should go on
     vacation.<!--Thank you Thomas for pointing out that this would be great combined with the Statistics function.--></dd>
			</dlentry>
		</dl>
		
		<note type="important">
			<p>Danger of Fatal Heart Attacks!</p>
			<p>Use our app to avoid burn-out a long time before it can develop.</p>
		</note>
		
		<section>
			<title>Hardware Add-Ons</title>To make sure that you spend your well-earned mid-day rest
   without detection, you can purchase two great extensions: <dl>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Motion Sensor with Approximation Alarm</dt>
					<dd>Attach the optional motion sensor in a convenient place so that Napsor can inform you when
      someone approaches. </dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Door Opening Sensor with Approximation Alarm</dt>
					<dd>Connect the optional door opening sensor to your office door so that Napsor can inform you
      when your boss enters.</dd>
				</dlentry>
			</dl><p>More add-ons will follow soon!</p></section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
